Hey I'm Peeqo,
The first robot to interact through GIFs, 'nuf said!

OMG I want one - ok hold your horses/ wow you easy

Actually I'm so much more

Email - tell me more

Put me on your desk

I'm <i>your</i> perfect/rad/crazy/delightful/one-of-a-kind/tiny/sassy/groovy/entertaining/funny/cheerful/ personal assistant

(minus the sick leaves, expenses and awkward chemistry)

- Selfie Taker let me take a selfie
Say the words and I'll snap you and send it to whoever you want. No more weird stretched out arms.

- Notifications
Switch off those annoying notifications. Let me know who can bother you and when and I'll take care off it.

- Reminders 
Forget about forgetting. I got your back and I'll sync up to your calendar of choice. 

- Messenger
Want to share something you're browsing on your computer. Say the words and I'll get on it. 

- Tracker
When you're slacking at work and need a boost I'll be there. If you burning the midnight oil and need a break I'll let you know. Let's work smarter together.

- More, more. more
My skills are constantly being updated by the robot overlords. If somethings missing, you can add it in yourself. As simple as drag and drop.

- Friend
Work gets hard. Work gets boring. I'll help you get through the day and have some fun while you're at it.

Beyond the tiny body

- Connected
Stop tapping around. Connect through me to your favourite apps using just your voice. Connected to your devices whether in office or on the move

-Interconnected
To other Peeqos everywhere. Remotely control someone else's Peeqo or send messages to them.

circular graph with peeqo in the center


Personal Assistant. Friend. 

Not your average bot!

Coming soon to a desk near you


A long time ago...
This was me (early prototype they say)

Jobs, FAQs, Blog, Social, Contact

Add Jobs

FAQs

Are you serious about this?

	Dead serious

You a guy or girl?

	I'll be whatever you want me to be.

How much will you cost?

	Way less than your monthly coffee bill.

Ok I get it. Can you get over the gifs?

	No

Do you need wifi?

	Ya, the problems of a smart device

If a picture can speak a thousand words, what does a gif speak?

	Based on my calculations 36000 words. yeah I'm talkative.

Can I name you something else?

	Got a problem with my name, son?

Why you so small?

	Good things come in small packages/ Size doesnt matter/You want a 3 foot robot towering over your head near your computer?

button at end of page-

So it took you so long to decide? We cool!
